# Introduction
This specification outlines the `publish` link relation and what it 
means to publish something. The specification will register the relation
according to [](#RFC5988).

No assumptions will be made about which media type the target IRI will 
accept, but some examples and guidelines will be given.

# Notational Conventions

The key words "MUST", "MUST NOT", "REQUIRED", "SHALL", "SHALL NOT", 
"SHOULD", "SHOULD NOT", "RECOMMENDED", "MAY", and "OPTIONAL" in this 
document are to be interpreted as described in BCP 14, [RFC2119], 
as scoped to those conformance targets.

# Publishing
What does it mean to publish something? In effect it can be interpreted
as making something available for general consumption. 

A newspaper can publish an article, then it can be read by 'everyone'. 

A publisher can publish a book, so it can be read. 

A video can be published on youtube so it can be watched.

# The 'publish' link relation
The `publish` link relation allows a resource to be published using the target
IRI. 
Clients SHOULD use an appropriate write method of the target IRI protocol
uniform interface.

Clients SHOULD use a POST request when using HTTP.

Servers MAY ignore the request to publish something if the resource 
URI is already published.

Examples can be found in Appendix A: [](#Examples)

# IANA Considerations

IANA is asked to register the link relation `publish`, as per [](#RFC5988)

Relation Name:

publish

Description:

Allows resources to be published using the target IRI.

Reference:

 [[ this document ]]

# Security Considerations

No known security problems at this stage.